man/docker-login.1.md, before:

% DOCKER(1) Docker User Manuals
% Docker Community
% JUNE 2014
# NAME
docker-login - Log in to a Docker registry.

# SYNOPSIS
**docker login**
[**--help**]
[**-p**|**--password**[=*PASSWORD*]]
[**-u**|**--username**[=*USERNAME*]]
[SERVER]

# DESCRIPTION
Log in to a Docker Registry located on the specified
`SERVER`.  You can specify a URL or a `hostname` for the `SERVER` value. If you
do not specify a `SERVER`, the command uses Docker's public registry located at
`https://registry-1.docker.io/` by default.  To get a username/password for Docker's public registry, create an account on Docker Hub.

`docker login` requires user to use `sudo` or be `root`, except when:

1.  connecting to  a remote daemon, such as a `docker-machine` provisioned `docker engine`.
2.  user is added to the `docker` group.  This will impact the security of your system; the `docker` group is `root` equivalent.  See [Docker Daemon Attack Surface](https://docs.docker.com/engine/articles/security/#docker-daemon-attack-surface) for details.

You can log into any public or private repository for which you have
credentials.  When you log in, the command stores encoded credentials in
`$HOME/.docker/config.json` on Linux or `%USERPROFILE%/.docker/config.json` on Windows.

# OPTIONS
**--help**
  Print usage statement

**-p**, **--password**=""
   Password

**-u**, **--username**=""
   Username

# EXAMPLES

## Login to a registry on your localhost

    # docker login localhost:8080

# See also
**docker-logout(1)** to log out from a Docker registry.

# HISTORY
April 2014, Originally compiled by William Henry (whenry at redhat dot com)
based on docker.com source material and internal work.
June 2014, updated by Sven Dowideit <SvenDowideit@home.org.au>
April 2015, updated by Mary Anthony for v2 <mary@docker.com>
November 2015, updated by Sally O'Malley <somalley@redhat.com>

Commit message:

Update docker login manpage regarding registry lookup
Signed-off-by: TomSweeneyRedHat <tsweeney@redhat.com>

man/docker-login.1.md, after:

% DOCKER(1) Docker User Manuals
% Docker Community
% JUNE 2014
# NAME
docker-login - Log in to a Docker registry.

# SYNOPSIS
**docker login**
[**--help**]
[**-p**|**--password**[=*PASSWORD*]]
[**-u**|**--username**[=*USERNAME*]]
[SERVER]

# DESCRIPTION
Log in to a Docker Registry located on the specified
`SERVER`.  You can specify a URL or a `hostname` for the `SERVER` value. If you
do not specify a `SERVER`, the command uses the first value in the field 'registries'
in the '[registries.search]' table in /etc/containers/registries.conf, and if
not specified there, Docker's public registry located at `https://registry-1.docker.io/`.

To get a username/password for Docker's public registry, create an account on Docker Hub.

`docker login` requires user to use `sudo` or be `root`, except when:

1.  connecting to  a remote daemon, such as a `docker-machine` provisioned `docker engine`.
2.  user is added to the `docker` group.  This will impact the security of your system; the `docker` group is `root` equivalent.  See [Docker Daemon Attack Surface](https://docs.docker.com/engine/articles/security/#docker-daemon-attack-surface) for details.

You can log into any public or private repository for which you have
credentials.  When you log in, the command stores encoded credentials in
`$HOME/.docker/config.json` on Linux or `%USERPROFILE%/.docker/config.json` on Windows.

# OPTIONS
**--help**
  Print usage statement

**-p**, **--password**=""
   Password

**-u**, **--username**=""
   Username

# EXAMPLES

## Login to a registry on your localhost

    # docker login localhost:8080

## Login to Docker Hub overriding /etc/containers/registries.conf

    # docker login docker.io

# See also
**docker-logout(1)** to log out from a Docker registry.

# HISTORY
April 2014, Originally compiled by William Henry (whenry at redhat dot com)
based on docker.com source material and internal work.
June 2014, updated by Sven Dowideit <SvenDowideit@home.org.au>
April 2015, updated by Mary Anthony for v2 <mary@docker.com>
November 2015, updated by Sally O'Malley <somalley@redhat.com>
March 2018, updated by Tom Sweeney <tsweeney@redhat.com>
